abandoned by his parents as a boy Peter
Parker is raised by his aunt and uncle
berean Chloe something your mom and I
have to do but when he finds a
mysterious briefcase it leads him to his
father's former partner your father and
I were gonna change the lives of
millions including mine seeking the
answers to his past Peter must also stop
an unimaginable terror in the amazing
spider-man alrighty well we're here to
review the amazing spider-man Greg and I
actually did a preview of you not too
long ago unfortunately Andrew Garfield
could not be here for you dude that was
does Aaron what and think yeah he's one
of our thing he's one of our reviewers
said he couldn't make it so I had to
take his place that was a new Garfield
so did I well I actually was not excited
to see this movie me neither I felt like
I had seen the spider-man story before
and even though it came out 10 years ago
it was still very fresh with me I felt
like I'd saw it a couple months ago you
know they were doing like a darker take
on it and I really was not excited for
like the Batman ification of all super
but I thought it was great I thought
it'd put a new spin on it it showed us
sort of the same story but in a
different light in a different direction
I was really surprised not because of
the great acting not because of the
great action but because of character
development yeah why are we assuming in
a suit I know you won't believe oh well
I mean we have a whole hour which is
pretty much a relationship drama which
is amazing and again we have parts where
we retreads the familiar territory like
we have bullying and where we have teen
angst but it's done with such depth in
which such quality that you really don't
care it's set the world up it set the
characters up and it gave us something
to hold on to when all the action scenes
get then the relationship stuff is done
so realistically and and so truthfully
and I feel like the action scenes were
done very well yeah the action always
made sense I hate those scenes in movies
where the two characters Phi and then
one runs away so they can fight later
I've never happens in it but it always
seems to make sense yeah but the
mythology aspects the idea basically how
spider-man becomes spider-man the the
spider bite stuff we've seen that so
many
but that's part of the cannon it feels
like they're having to force it in like
that if it wasn't spider-man if they
didn't have this franchise they had to
follow maybe a lot of the things would
have been different it's almost as if
the writer and the director was saying
we know that you know about this we're
just gonna get it out of the way but it
takes a long time yeah he's not
spider-man for the first but I love that
we needed that hour of figuring out how
this care pretty much why is this movie
different from the other one so yeah I
want to call it Andrew Garfield who
plays the new Peter Parker and I was
very skeptical going in the dudes 28
years old and that first scene comes up
and I'm looking at the wrinkles on his
forehead and going this is not a senior
in high school but he did such a great
job in creating the character of Peter
Parker convincing me that he was this
really goofy teenager that wasn't good
around girls that was trying to figure
out his way in the world he sold me I
really enjoyed his character because he
was able to play Peter Parker with a lot
more levity than Tobey Maguire he was
able to have this this quark to him that
he was funny yet he was also awkward yet
he was also kind of a not really a cool
guy he sticks up for the Nerds he's not
scared of bullies it i think was great
well and something i learned about the
movies in the beginning he is still
standing up for people but he has really
no power to do anything and then once he
gets power he sort of stopped standing
up for people and sort of the sparkly
being kind of a jerk about and that's
something we never saw with Tobey
Maguire Emma Stone of course played Gwen
Stacy Peter Parker's love interest I was
very worried that she was going to be
the blonde Mary Jane that she was gonna
essentially just be a one-note female
character to be put in jeopardy the high
school relationship stuff they do with
her is just so dead-on and it's so it
feels real and true and I left at the
dialogue that emma stone and andrew
garfield it's very crisp it's not too
witty it's kind of yeah perfect for the
scene and it was it was great because
obviously for a film like this dialogue
can get very campy very easily I really
think that's 2 marc webb the director of
creating absolutely had done 500 days of
summer and all of that relationship
stuff that he learned about in 500 days
you could see it translated right here
and i think it's because he allows for
many small character moments and and
that happens with all the supporting
actors as well Rhys Ifans is dr. Curt
Connors who I called dr. Lizardo after
crocodile dr. crocodile
uh he has the classic bad guy motivation
he starts off as a good guy he turns to
bad guy but the one thing he always has
is what I'm doing is the right thing
yeah and its opposite in desire from
spider-man's and that's classic
screenwriting tropes I feel in some ways
it's kind of similar to the doctor
octopus store yes in spider-man 2 he's
tormented by voices that command him to
do the right thing very clearly the
wrong thing alone to fix myself I want
to create a world without weakness
anyone care to venture a guess just how
yes stem cells promising but the
solution i'm thinking of his more
radical and let's also mention Martin
Sheen and Sally fo Martin Sheen was
great we could have watched the scene of
Martin Sheen in Sally Field like go
grocery shopping right would have just
been so compelling yeah and you really
felt like they were an old married
couple they had this real lived and feel
to them as Uncle Ben and Aunt May that
was very convincing and that they really
loved Peter and he was their son but I
love so much about the action in this
movie was that I felt that the
characters fought in a way that their
characters would fight I love that he
would come home at the end of the day
and is on may we look at him and go what
happens here you look like you got the
crap kicked out of you and that's in
comparison to another you know superior
movie that just came out the Avengers
we're obviously every character seemed
like they actually couldn't get hurt
right where's in this one yeah you know
the action was just as big but I felt
that spider-man you know could actually
get hurt brother people around him could
actually get and he did get hurt what is
it he has spider powers but they also
make him again right yeah I don't make
him invincible is he's still human the
amazing spider-man starts off a little
slow but it uses that time to develop
characters and once things swing into
action it's a great movie see it I was
really surprised at this spider-man
wonderful character development great
emotional resonance I give it a see it
the most unexpected comic book movie of
this summer really great dialogue great
action great story great acting see it
cheers Cheers Donald